[18.0][ADD] web_font_size_report_layout: web_font_size_report_layout module added. (#3389)
OCA/web: web_font_size_report_layout/readme/INSTALL.md

> 1. Copy the `web_font_size_report_layout` directory to your Odoo addons folder

Reviewer: Thanks a lot for your module. Here is a suggestion
```suggestion
1. Link the `web_font_size_report_layout` directory to your Odoo addons path
```
